docs: Feedback from #15613. NFC (#15652)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/compiling/Building-Projects.rst

Faux Dynamic Linking
--------------------

Emscripten's goal is to generate the fastest and smallest possible code. For

> that reason it focuses on compiling an entire project into the single file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that reason it focuses on compiling an entire project into a single wasm file,
```

Author: Its really a JS file + a wasm file..  I was trying to find a way to keep the meaning without having to go into those details.

Reviewer: hm, true. maybe "single module" is more correct.

Author: Yup that works.
